content: Clarify version requirements for userns and other minor fixes (#41906)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces.md

Reviewer: There's a hint earlier in the file that we could have done a tidier resolution of a merge conflict. A whole-file review for accuracy could help.

Author: I've removed the note now, it is no longer needed and the merge was done correctly.

Some popular filesystems that support idmap mounts in Linux 6.3 are: btrfs,
ext4, xfs, fat, tmpfs, overlayfs.

In addition, support is needed in the 
{{< glossary_tooltip text="container runtime" term_id="container-runtime" >}}
to use this feature with Kubernetes stateless pods:

* CRI-O: version 1.25 (and later) supports user namespaces for containers.

containerd v1.7 is not compatible with the userns support in Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}.
Kubernetes v1.25 and v1.26 used an earlier implementation that **is** compatible with containerd v1.7,
in terms of userns support.
If you are using a version of Kubernetes other than {{< skew currentVersion >}},
check the documentation for that version of Kubernetes for the most relevant information.
If there is a newer release of containerd than v1.7 available for use, also check the containerd
documentation for compatibility information.

> You can see the status of user namespaces support in cri-dockerd [here][CRI-dockerd-issue].

Reviewer: (nit - **doesn't block a merge**)
```suggestion
You can see the status of user namespaces support in cri-dockerd tracked in an [issue][CRI-dockerd-issue]
on GitHub.
```

Author: Added that, thanks!

* CRI-O: version 1.25 (and later) supports user namespaces for containers.

> Please note that containerd v1.7 supports user namespaces for containers,
> compatible with Kubernetes 1.25 and 1.26. It should not be used with Kubernetes
> 1.27 (and later).

Reviewer: Try either this:
```suggestion
<!-- this should be checked at each Kubernetes release and each containerd to verify that it is
correct -->
{{< note >}}
Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}} does not support user namespaces when used with
containerd. However, some previous versions may offer compatibility when used with specific
containerd versions. If you are using a version of Kubernetes earlier than {{< skew currentVersion >}},
check the documentation for that version of Kubernetes.
{{< /note >}}
```
or, drop the list of compatible container runtimes (for example, if we don't have capacity to maintain it).

Author: As I explained, this is not needed at all. See: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/41906#issuecomment-1625184829

Reviewer: As a reviewer for English, I've cancelled the mark that this is a resolved comment.

Author: @sftim can you make a suggestion that doesn't say that we need to revisit this on every release, then?

Reviewer: An alternative is to say something like:
```markdown
containerd v1.7 is not compatible with the userns support in Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}.
Kubernetes v1.25 and v1.26 used an earlier implementation that **is** compatible with containerd v1.7,
in terms of userns support.
If you are using a version of Kubernetes other than {{< skew currentVersion >}},
check the documentation for that version of Kubernetes for the most relevant information.
If there is a newer release of containerd than v1.7 available for use, also check the containerd
documentation for compatibility information.
```

Author: @sftim `skew currentVersion` expands to the latest patch release, which is not ideal IMHO: is kubernetes 1.27.3 not compatible but maybe 1.27.2 was?

I don't see an advantaje to use the variables instead of `1.27 (and later)`. Is there any?

Reviewer: > @sftim `skew currentVersion` expands to the latest patch release, which is not ideal IMHO: is kubernetes 1.27.3 not compatible but maybe 1.27.2 was?

Have you tested this?

Reviewer: You might be thinking of the existing shortcode, `{{< skew currentPatchVersion >}}`.

Author: Oh, right, I was thinking of that. Updates to this, then!

> Support for this in [cri-dockerd is not planned][CRI-dockerd-issue] yet.

Reviewer: Aside: we could tweak this wording to better match our style guide.

Author: @sftim any concrete suggestions? What is not matching?

Reviewer: We [avoid statements about the future](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-statements-about-the-future). So let's say what's in cri-dockerd now, and not mention plans / expectations.

Reviewer: It's valuable information _but_ we (Kubernetes project) do not have the capacity to maintain compatibility information about third party projects.

We can include the link, rewording it to be more [timeless](https://developers.google.com/style/timeless-documentation) - and hence easier to maintain.

If there's an exception to make, because the resources are there and backed by a commitment (eg by SIG Node), we need to justify that exception. We do make these exceptions from time to time and this could be a reasonable place to add another.

Author: I wrote it in a timeless way now. Let me know what you think.

Author: Please re-open if I'm missing something
